DOC-2112: 6.6.2-specific additions to 6.6.2-release-notes.adoc (#2856)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.6.2-release-notes.adoc

Values **x.5–x.9** are rounded to **x+1**.

NOTE: If `color_cols` is set to a decimal value that would, after rounding, be an invalid value (for example, **0.1**), {productname} continues to act as it did previously. For invalid values, the `color_cols` option is treated as if it has not been set and reverts to displaying the color selection grid with the default five columns.

=== An "Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read properties of null" error would sometimes be thrown when updating the content of a `streamContent: true` iframe dialog component
//TINY-10128

> During rapid, intermittent, content updates in an iframe dialog component with `streamContent: true` set, an error — "Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read properties of null" — would sometimes be thrown.
> 
> This caused an error when trying to scroll to the bottom of the iframe component.

Reviewer: Feel free to improve the wording.
```suggestion
During rapid, intermittent, content updates in an iframe dialog component with `streamContent: true` set, an error — "Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read properties of null" — would sometimes be thrown when trying to maintain scroll at the bottom of the iframe component. This was due to the iframe body being inconsistently `null` depending on whether it has loaded when the programmatic scrolling occurs, which relies on the iframe body's scrollHeight as the scroll value.
```

> In {productname} 6.6.2 two changes were made: using a numerical value for `Window.scrollTo` rather than setting it to `body.scrollHeight`; and waiting for `load` before attempting to scroll.

Reviewer: Due to a last-minute change, we no longer wait for `load` before attempting to scroll
```suggestion
{productname} 6.6.2 uses a numerical `y-coord` value for `Window.scrollTo` rather than the iframe body's scrollHeight. As a consequence, the error is no longer thrown, and maintaining scroll at the bottom of a `streamContent: true` iframe component works as expected.
```

> As a consequence the `null` errors are no longer thrown, and scrolling to the bottom of an iframe component works as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
